Title: 2022-11-30 wise men 1 - voiceg
Key:  minor
Key Confidence: 60.0%
Tempo: 107.7 BPM
Duration: 8:04
Transcription: openai-whisper

CHORD AND LYRICS TIME ALIGNMENT TABLE
======================================================================

Chord           Lyrics                                  
-------------------------------------------------------
                飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢
                It                                      
                was                                     
                made                                    
                for                                     
                you                                     
                Drink                                   
                drink                                   
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                be                                      
                satisfied                               
                You                                     
                wont                                    
                ever                                    
                be                                      
                denied                                  
                its                                     
                in                                      
                Christ                                  
                Its                                     
                in                                      
                Christ                                  
                The                                     
                one                                     
                who                                     
                made                                    
                the                                     
                perfect                                 
                sacrifice                               
                On                                      
                that                                    
                tree                                    
                he                                      
                died                                    
                for                                     
                you                                     
                and                                     
                me                                      
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                drink                                   
                the                                     
                water                                   
                he                                      
                prepared                                
                for                                     
                us                                      
                To                                      
                be                                      
                clean                                   
                To                                      
                be                                      
                free                                    
                To                                      
                know                                    
                the                                     
                one                                     
                be                                      
                For                                     
                the                                     
                Lamb                                    
                of                                      
                God                                     
                is                                      
                risen                                   
                from                                    
                the                                     
                dead                                    
                All                                     
                power                                   
                is                                      
                his                                     
                In                                      
                life                                    
                eternal                                 
                life                                    
                is                                      
                in                                      
                His                                     
                hands                                   
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                drink                                   
                from                                    
                the                                     
                One                                     
                who                                     
                is                                      
                the                                     
                great                                   
                I                                       
                Am                                      
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                drink                                   
                from                                    
                Him                                     
                The                                     
                life                                    
                come                                    
                and                                     
                enter                                   
                in                                      
                with                                    
                joy                                     
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                love                                    
                the                                     
                who                                     
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                so                                      
                much                                    
                He                                      
                would                                   
                come                                    
                and                                     
                die                                     
                Thats                                   
                how                                     
                much                                    
                oh                                      
                how                                     
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                oh                                      
                how                                     
                He                                      
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                Do                                      
                not                                     
                delay                                   
                for                                     
                He                                      
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                Come                                    
                as                                      
                you                                     
                are                                     
                come                                    
                as                                      
                you                                     
                are                                     
                For                                     
                the                                     
                reason                                  
                one                                     
                is                                      
                power                                   
                all                                     
                power                                   
                Hes                                     
                the                                     
                who                                     
                is                                      
                the                                     
                Son                                     
                the                                     
                perfect                                 
                Son                                     
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                the                                     
                Son                                     
                The                                     
                eternal                                 
                Son                                     
                He                                      
                tasted                                  
                oh                                      
                tasted                                  
                oh                                      
                He                                      
                tasted                                  
                death                                   
                for                                     
                everyone                                
                Oh                                      
                died                                    
                for                                     
                me                                      
                Tasted                                  
                death                                   
                for                                     
                me                                      
                Now                                     
                He                                      
                invites                                 
                me                                      
                The                                     
                who                                     
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                Paid                                    
                it                                      
                all                                     
                for                                     
                me                                      
                On                                      
                the                                     
                cross                                   
                my                                      
                penalty                                 
                I                                       
                come                                    
                to                                      
                I                                       
                come                                    
                to                                      
                Him                                     
                With                                    
                open                                    
                arms                                    
                Knowing                                 
                that                                    
                He                                      
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                How                                     
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                How                                     
                He                                      
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                He                                      
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                in                                      
                this                                    
                way                                     
                I                                       
                know                                    
                with                                    
                that                                    
                kind                                    
                of                                      
                love                                    
                Hes                                     
                not                                     
                going                                   
                anywhere                                
                Hes                                     
                here                                    
                to                                      
                stay                                    
                Hes                                     
                here                                    
                to                                      
                stay                                    
                I                                       
                see                                     
                it                                      
                and                                     
                Im                                      
                coming                                  
                No                                      
                matter                                  
                what                                    
                the                                     
                obstacles                               
                in                                      
                my                                      
                way                                     
                No                                      
                matter                                  
                what                                    
                my                                      
                past                                    
                is                                      
                Im                                      
                coming                                  
                God                                     
                To                                      
                rest                                    
                and                                     
                drink                                   
                of                                      
                your                                    
                waters                                  
                that                                    
                you                                     
                give                                    
                That                                    
                I                                       
                would                                   
                live                                    
                with                                    
                you                                     
                for                                     
                eternity                                
                I                                       
                will                                    
                rest                                    
                I                                       
                will                                    
                rest                                    
                In                                      
                you                                     
                Well                                    
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     
                Well                                    
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                Well                                    
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     
                Well                                    
                rest                                    
                you                                     
                in                                      
                you                                     
                rest                                    
                you                                     
                Well                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     
                rest                                    
                rest                                    
                you                                     
                Well                                    
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     
                Well                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     
                Well                                    

CHORDPRO FORMAT
==================================================

飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢
It was made for you Drink drink Come and be satisfied You wont ever be denied
its in Christ Its in Christ The one who made the perfect sacrifice On that tree
he died for you and me Come and drink the water he prepared for us To be clean
To be free To know the one be For the Lamb of God is risen from the dead All
power is his In life eternal life is in His hands Come and drink from the One
who is the great I Am Come and drink from Him The life come and enter in with
joy Come and love the who loves you so much He would come and die Thats how much
oh how loves you oh how He loves you Do not delay for He loves you Come as you
are come as you are For the reason one is power all power Hes the who is the Son
the perfect Son Come and rest in the Son The eternal Son He tasted oh tasted oh
He tasted death for everyone Oh died for me Tasted death for me Now He invites
me The who loves me Paid it all for me On the cross my penalty I come to I come
to Him With open arms Knowing that He loves me How loves me How He loves me He
loves me in this way I know with that kind of love Hes not going anywhere Hes
here to stay Hes here to stay I see it and Im coming No matter what the
obstacles in my way No matter what my past is Im coming God To rest and drink of
your waters that you give That I would live with you for eternity I will rest I
will rest In you Well rest in you Well rest in you rest in rest in Well rest in
you Well rest you in you rest you Well in you rest in you rest rest you Well
rest in you Well in you Well

LYRICS ONLY
==================================================

飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢飢
It was made for you Drink drink Come and be satisfied You wont ever be denied
its in Christ Its in Christ The one who made the perfect sacrifice On that tree
he died for you and me Come and drink the water he prepared for us To be clean
To be free To know the one be For the Lamb of God is risen from the dead All
power is his In life eternal life is in His hands Come and drink from the One
who is the great I Am Come and drink from Him The life come and enter in with
joy Come and love the who loves you so much He would come and die Thats how much
oh how loves you oh how He loves you Do not delay for He loves you Come as you
are come as you are For the reason one is power all power Hes the who is the Son
the perfect Son Come and rest in the Son The eternal Son He tasted oh tasted oh
He tasted death for everyone Oh died for me Tasted death for me Now He invites
me The who loves me Paid it all for me On the cross my penalty I come to I come
to Him With open arms Knowing that He loves me How loves me How He loves me He
loves me in this way I know with that kind of love Hes not going anywhere Hes
here to stay Hes here to stay I see it and Im coming No matter what the
obstacles in my way No matter what my past is Im coming God To rest and drink of
your waters that you give That I would live with you for eternity I will rest I
will rest In you Well rest in you Well rest in you rest in rest in Well rest in
you Well rest you in you rest you Well in you rest in you rest rest you Well
rest in you Well in you Well