Title: 2024-12-03 drink (chords and split) - 01 Start - chords
Duration: 8:09
Transcription: openai-whisper

CHORD AND LYRICS TIME ALIGNMENT TABLE
======================================================================

Chord           Lyrics                                  
-------------------------------------------------------
                Drink                                   
                drink                                   
                come                                    
                and                                     
                be                                      
                made                                    
                new                                     
                Drink                                   
                drink                                   
                it                                      
                was                                     
                made                                    
                for                                     
                you                                     
                Drink                                   
                drink                                   
                and                                     
                be                                      
                satisfied                               
                You                                     
                wont                                    
                ever                                    
                be                                      
                denied                                  
                Its                                     
                in                                      
                Christ                                  
                one                                     
                who                                     
                made                                    
                The                                     
                perfect                                 
                sacrifice                               
                On                                      
                that                                    
                tree                                    
                There                                   
                he                                      
                died                                    
                for                                     
                you                                     
                and                                     
                me                                      
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                drink                                   
                water                                   
                he                                      
                prepared                                
                for                                     
                us                                      
                To                                      
                be                                      
                clean                                   
                To                                      
                be                                      
                free                                    
                you                                     
                know                                    
                the                                     
                one                                     
                died                                    
                on                                      
                that                                    
                cross                                   
                for                                     
                me                                      
                and                                     
                be                                      
                made                                    
                clean                                   
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                be                                      
                made                                    
                clean                                   
                the                                     
                Lamb                                    
                of                                      
                God                                     
                risen                                   
                from                                    
                the                                     
                dead                                    
                All                                     
                power                                   
                In                                      
                life                                    
                Eternal                                 
                life                                    
                is                                      
                in                                      
                His                                     
                hands                                   
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                drink                                   
                From                                    
                the                                     
                one                                     
                Who                                     
                is                                      
                the                                     
                great                                   
                I                                       
                Am                                      
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                drink                                   
                him                                     
                The                                     
                life                                    
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                enter                                   
                in                                      
                With                                    
                joy                                     
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                love                                    
                The                                     
                one                                     
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                so                                      
                much                                    
                He                                      
                would                                   
                come                                    
                die                                     
                Thats                                   
                how                                     
                much                                    
                Oh                                      
                he                                      
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                how                                     
                he                                      
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                Do                                      
                not                                     
                delay                                   
                For                                     
                he                                      
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                Come                                    
                as                                      
                you                                     
                are                                     
                as                                      
                you                                     
                are                                     
                For                                     
                the                                     
                reason                                  
                one                                     
                power                                   
                power                                   
                Hes                                     
                the                                     
                one                                     
                is                                      
                the                                     
                Son                                     
                The                                     
                perfect                                 
                son                                     
                Come                                    
                and                                     
                rest                                    
                the                                     
                The                                     
                eternal                                 
                son                                     
                He                                      
                tasted                                  
                Oh                                      
                tasted                                  
                Oh                                      
                he                                      
                tasted                                  
                death                                   
                For                                     
                everyone                                
                Oh                                      
                died                                    
                me                                      
                Tasted                                  
                death                                   
                me                                      
                Now                                     
                he                                      
                Invites                                 
                The                                     
                one                                     
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                Paid                                    
                it                                      
                all                                     
                me                                      
                On                                      
                the                                     
                cross                                   
                My                                      
                penalty                                 
                I                                       
                come                                    
                him                                     
                I                                       
                come                                    
                him                                     
                With                                    
                open                                    
                Arms                                    
                knowing                                 
                knowing                                 
                knowing                                 
                knowing                                 
                knowing                                 
                knowing                                 
                knowing                                 
                knowing                                 
                knowing                                 
                How                                     
                he                                      
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                in                                      
                this                                    
                way                                     
                I                                       
                know                                    
                with                                    
                that                                    
                kind                                    
                of                                      
                love                                    
                Hes                                     
                not                                     
                going                                   
                anywhere                                
                Hes                                     
                here                                    
                to                                      
                stay                                    
                Hes                                     
                here                                    
                to                                      
                stay                                    
                I                                       
                see                                     
                it                                      
                and                                     
                Im                                      
                coming                                  
                matter                                  
                what                                    
                the                                     
                obstacles                               
                in                                      
                my                                      
                way                                     
                No                                      
                matter                                  
                what                                    
                my                                      
                past                                    
                is                                      
                Im                                      
                coming                                  
                To                                      
                rest                                    
                and                                     
                drink                                   
                of                                      
                your                                    
                waters                                  
                that                                    
                you                                     
                give                                    
                That                                    
                I                                       
                would                                   
                live                                    
                with                                    
                you                                     
                eternity                                
                I                                       
                will                                    
                rest                                    
                I                                       
                will                                    
                rest                                    
                you                                     
                Well                                    
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     
                Well                                    
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     

CHORDPRO FORMAT
==================================================

Drink drink come and be made new Drink drink it was made for you Drink drink and
be satisfied You wont ever be denied Its in Christ one who made The perfect
sacrifice On that tree There he died for you and me Come and drink water he
prepared for us To be clean To be free you know the one died on that cross for
me and be made clean Come and be made clean the Lamb of God risen from the dead
All power In life Eternal life is in His hands Come and drink From the one Who
is the great I Am Come and drink him The life Come and enter in With joy Come
and love The one loves you so much He would come die Thats how much Oh he loves
you how he loves you Do not delay For he loves you Come as you are as you are
For the reason one power power Hes the one is the Son The perfect son Come and
rest the The eternal son He tasted Oh tasted Oh he tasted death For everyone Oh
died me Tasted death me Now he Invites The one loves me Paid it all me On the
cross My penalty I come him I come him With open Arms knowing knowing knowing
knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing How he loves me loves me in this
way I know with that kind of love Hes not going anywhere Hes here to stay Hes
here to stay I see it and Im coming matter what the obstacles in my way No
matter what my past is Im coming To rest and drink of your waters that you give
That I would live with you eternity I will rest I will rest you Well rest in you
Well rest in you

LYRICS ONLY
==================================================

Drink drink come and be made new Drink drink it was made for you Drink drink and
be satisfied You wont ever be denied Its in Christ one who made The perfect
sacrifice On that tree There he died for you and me Come and drink water he
prepared for us To be clean To be free you know the one died on that cross for
me and be made clean Come and be made clean the Lamb of God risen from the dead
All power In life Eternal life is in His hands Come and drink From the one Who
is the great I Am Come and drink him The life Come and enter in With joy Come
and love The one loves you so much He would come die Thats how much Oh he loves
you how he loves you Do not delay For he loves you Come as you are as you are
For the reason one power power Hes the one is the Son The perfect son Come and
rest the The eternal son He tasted Oh tasted Oh he tasted death For everyone Oh
died me Tasted death me Now he Invites The one loves me Paid it all me On the
cross My penalty I come him I come him With open Arms knowing knowing knowing
knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing How he loves me loves me in this
way I know with that kind of love Hes not going anywhere Hes here to stay Hes
here to stay I see it and Im coming matter what the obstacles in my way No
matter what my past is Im coming To rest and drink of your waters that you give
That I would live with you eternity I will rest I will rest you Well rest in you
Well rest in you