Title: 2024-12-03 drink (chords and split) - 01 Start - Dup Vocal - Vocals - vocals
Key:  major
Key Confidence: 60.4%
Tempo: 79.5 BPM
Duration: 8:09
Transcription: openai-whisper

CHORD AND LYRICS TIME ALIGNMENT TABLE
======================================================================

Chord           Lyrics                                  
-------------------------------------------------------
                奴隙                                      
                奴隙                                      
                with                                    
                joy                                     
                and                                     
                love                                    
                the                                     
                one                                     
                who                                     
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                so                                      
                much                                    
                he                                      
                would                                   
                come                                    
                and                                     
                die                                     
                thats                                   
                how                                     
                much                                    
                oh                                      
                how                                     
                he                                      
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                oh                                      
                how                                     
                he                                      
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                not                                     
                delay                                   
                for                                     
                he                                      
                loves                                   
                you                                     
                come                                    
                as                                      
                you                                     
                are                                     
                come                                    
                as                                      
                you                                     
                are                                     
                for                                     
                the                                     
                risen                                   
                one                                     
                is                                      
                power                                   
                all                                     
                power                                   
                hes                                     
                the                                     
                one                                     
                who                                     
                is                                      
                the                                     
                son                                     
                perfect                                 
                son                                     
                come                                    
                and                                     
                rest                                    
                the                                     
                son                                     
                the                                     
                eternal                                 
                son                                     
                tasted                                  
                oh                                      
                he                                      
                tasted                                  
                oh                                      
                he                                      
                tasted                                  
                death                                   
                for                                     
                everyone                                
                he                                      
                died                                    
                for                                     
                me                                      
                tasted                                  
                death                                   
                for                                     
                me                                      
                he                                      
                invites                                 
                me                                      
                he                                      
                the                                     
                one                                     
                who                                     
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                paid                                    
                it                                      
                all                                     
                for                                     
                me                                      
                on                                      
                the                                     
                cross                                   
                my                                      
                penalty                                 
                come                                    
                to                                      
                him                                     
                I                                       
                come                                    
                to                                      
                him                                     
                with                                    
                open                                    
                arms                                    
                knowing                                 
                that                                    
                he                                      
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                he                                      
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                how                                     
                he                                      
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                loves                                   
                me                                      
                in                                      
                this                                    
                way                                     
                I                                       
                know                                    
                with                                    
                that                                    
                kind                                    
                of                                      
                love                                    
                hes                                     
                not                                     
                going                                   
                anywhere                                
                Hes                                     
                here                                    
                to                                      
                stay                                    
                Hes                                     
                here                                    
                to                                      
                stay                                    
                I                                       
                see                                     
                it                                      
                and                                     
                Im                                      
                coming                                  
                No                                      
                matter                                  
                what                                    
                the                                     
                obstacles                               
                in                                      
                my                                      
                way                                     
                No                                      
                matter                                  
                what                                    
                my                                      
                past                                    
                is                                      
                Im                                      
                coming                                  
                God                                     
                rest                                    
                and                                     
                drink                                   
                of                                      
                your                                    
                that                                    
                you                                     
                give                                    
                That                                    
                I                                       
                would                                   
                live                                    
                with                                    
                you                                     
                For                                     
                eternity                                
                I                                       
                will                                    
                rest                                    
                I                                       
                will                                    
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     
                in                                      
                you                                     
                Well                                    
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     
                rest                                    
                rest                                    
                you                                     
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                rest                                    
                in                                      
                you                                     
                rest                                    
                rest                                    
                Will                                    

CHORDPRO FORMAT
==================================================

奴隙 奴隙 with joy and love the one who loves you so much he would come and die
thats how much oh how he loves you oh how he loves you not delay for he loves
you come as you are come as you are for the risen one is power all power hes the
one who is the son perfect son come and rest the son the eternal son tasted oh
he tasted oh he tasted death for everyone he died for me tasted death for me he
invites me he the one who loves me paid it all for me on the cross my penalty
come to him I come to him with open arms knowing that he loves me he loves me
how he loves me loves me in this way I know with that kind of love hes not going
anywhere Hes here to stay Hes here to stay I see it and Im coming No matter what
the obstacles in my way No matter what my past is Im coming God rest and drink
of your that you give That I would live with you For eternity I will rest I will
rest in you in you Well rest in you rest rest you rest in rest in you rest rest
Will

LYRICS ONLY
==================================================

奴隙 奴隙 with joy and love the one who loves you so much he would come and die
thats how much oh how he loves you oh how he loves you not delay for he loves
you come as you are come as you are for the risen one is power all power hes the
one who is the son perfect son come and rest the son the eternal son tasted oh
he tasted oh he tasted death for everyone he died for me tasted death for me he
invites me he the one who loves me paid it all for me on the cross my penalty
come to him I come to him with open arms knowing that he loves me he loves me
how he loves me loves me in this way I know with that kind of love hes not going
anywhere Hes here to stay Hes here to stay I see it and Im coming No matter what
the obstacles in my way No matter what my past is Im coming God rest and drink
of your that you give That I would live with you For eternity I will rest I will
rest in you in you Well rest in you rest rest you rest in rest in you rest rest
Will